[Music]
sorry guys and welcome to French guy
cooking today a great and delicious
example of French cooking it reminds me
that never asked before but what does
French cuisine mean to you
over complicated windy dashi is
that really what you think this can't go
on anymore I must fight and prove you
wrong
forget the stars in the chest white
bread ham and cheese these are the only
ingredients you will need today we are
making a nation sprite of the popular
copper Monsieur as known as a ham and
cheese grilled sandwich
this recipe is dead simple and
incredibly fast to make this very
sandwich is supposed to have appeared
around 1910 in a cafe in Paris the name
itself
coq Monsieur it stands for crunch Vista
it's supposed to come from a joke made
by the owner of the cafe in which he
told the customer he had human flesh in
the sandwich ok let's gather the
ingredients 1 slice of good ham
this plant should be good for two
reasons one it comes from a delicious
ham and two it comes from a higher
welfare pork of course now that you've
got it was the chicken you got a step up
two slices of sandwich bread not too
thick otherwise they won't fit sorry fit
in what oh come on don't be so impatient
now we need two slices of thin cheese I
am using go ahead but feel free to use
any other melty cheese if you can't find
this one or if it's too expensive or if
you don't like the taste of it or of
course if you hate French and you
dislike their food
to build the cocky mistress on which I
love the ingredients in this exact order
bread cheese ham cheese bread we won't
cook it in a pan we won't use an oven
either in fact we could use a French
Monsieur dedicated appliance or you
could use a toaster a toaster a toaster
now take a sheet of parchment paper
three times as wide as your sandwich and
twice as told you can also use aluminium
foil instead of parchment paper fold it
in half width wise place the sandwich on
the left edge right above the folding
line fold the paper over it if you wrap
it tight no leaks will occur it's ready
to go in the toaster for three minutes
and you need to rely on the smell of it
warning the porch and paper is
absolutely impossible to burn but but in
any case of fire please do not put any
word on the toaster I screwed up just
unplug the toaster and put a lid on it
while it's cooking let's make a simple
sauce in a mug mix butter flour and milk
in equal proportions season but you get
nut mix this could be a great value stir
it and place it in the microwave for 30
seconds mix it well and it's ready to go
the coq Monsieur is ready use this sauce
as a light topping over the grilled
sandwich crispy melty totally addictive
you might want to eat a couple or maybe
a dozen of these in fact we could use
more ingredients and make it even more
decadent but you would then miss my
point which is French cooking can be
simple and delicious and painless at the
same time I mean that's true all you
need is someone that can teach you
French recipes in a funny and simple and
not so pushy way I don't know
keep looking and who knows you might
find someone I hope you like this video
and I'm glad
you like it share it and subscribe for
the next video see you around bye bye
[Music]